1. What does it mean to escape data? How does escaping data help us avoid malicious code?
    Escaping data refers to characters gives specific code a special meaning in a particular context. 
    For example, in HTML, <, >, and &, helps us display literal characters. In SQL, ' and ", helps us 
    differentiate words from real code. We can use escaping characters to prevent malicious code input 
    from a user from being interpreted, as a XSS attack or SQL injection.

2a. What is REST? What is meant by Statelessness?
    REST stands for REpresentational State Transfer. It is an architectural design for web applications
    that allows the client and server side to be seperated. This means that the client side code can be 
    changed without changing the server side code and vice versa. The REST paradigm is stateless, meaning
    that the client side does not need to know about the state of the server side and vice versa. 
    They communicate in specific messages without having to know previous messages.

2b. What is a resource?
    A resource refers to what we are dealing with when we make an HTTP request. It describes the object, 
    document, or thing that you may need to store or send to other services. The HTTP request specifices 
    what we need to with the specific resource we are dealing with.

2c. Look at the section on Path design: In a RESTful architecture paradigm what 
would be the proper way to create a path for: (provide URL and HTTP method):
    i. getting a list of users?
        GET https://store.com/users

    ii. getting a particular user?
        GET https://store.com/users/123

    iii. saving a user?
        POST https://store.com/users

3. What is a Cookie?
    A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's device by the web browser. This data includes
    user preferences, session identifiers, and other information about the user's interaction with
    a website. Cookies allow websites to personalize user experiences, track user activity, and 
    maintain state across multiple requests.

4. What is a Session?
    A session is a period of a user's interaction on a web application. It begins when a user accesses 
    the site and ends when they leave or after a period of inactivity. During a session, the server 
    keeps stateful information about the user, such as login credentials, shopping cart items, or 
    other temporary data, allowing for personalized and dynamic experiences across multiple interactions.